Add `closed` hierarchies for C# 15, preview 5 (#54128)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/operators/patterns.md

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/patterns/ClosedHierarchyPatterns.cs" id="PaymentMethodTypes":::

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/patterns/ClosedHierarchyPatterns.cs" id="DescribePaymentMethod":::

A closed hierarchy switch is exhaustive only when every direct descendant is reachable from the location of the switch. If a direct descendant is less accessible than the closed base type and isn't visible at the switch site, the compiler treats it as unhandled and warns that the switch isn't exhaustive.

For example, a closed `public` base class can have an `internal` direct descendant. Code in the same assembly sees the full set of descendants, but code in another assembly doesn't:

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/patterns/ClosedHierarchyPatterns.cs" id="ShapeTypes":::

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/patterns/ClosedHierarchyPatterns.cs" id="ShapeAreaSameAssembly":::

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/patterns/ClosedHierarchyPatterns.cs" id="ShapeNameCrossAssembly":::

> To restore exhaustiveness in assembly 2, add a discard arm (`_ => ...`), add a base class arm (`Shape` in the preceding example),     or make every direct descendant at least as accessible as the closed base type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restore exhaustiveness in assembly 2, add a discard arm (`_ => ...`), add a base class arm (`Shape` in the preceding example), or make every direct descendant at least as accessible as the closed base type.
```
Minor: Removed some extra spaces.

To dispatch on `Sedan` specifically, place its arm *before* the `Car` arm. The `Car` arm remains reachable because it still matches every `Car` that isn't a `Sedan`:

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/patterns/ClosedHierarchyPatterns.cs" id="VehicleCategorySedanFirst":::

Reversing those two arms produces a subsumption error, just as it would in any other class hierarchy. The compiler detects that the `Car` arm already covers `Sedan`:

```csharp
string Category(Vehicle v) => v switch
{
    Car => "car",
    Sedan => "sedan",  // Error CS8510: the pattern is unreachable. It has already been handled by 'Car => ...'.
    Truck => "truck",
};
```

If you want exhaustiveness to follow the hierarchy further down, declare `Car` itself `closed`. The compiler then treats every direct descendant of `Car` (such as `Sedan`) as the exhaustive set rooted at `Car`. A switch whose governing type is `Car` is exhaustive when it does any of the following:

- Handle every direct descendant of `Car` with its own arm.
- Include a `Car` arm, which covers every `Car` value (including all subtypes).

> - Include a discard arm (`_ => ...`) or an arm for a base type of `Car`, such as `Vehicle`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Handles every direct descendant of `Car` with its own arm.
- Includes a `Car` arm, which covers every `Car` value (including all subtypes).
- Includes a discard arm (`_ => ...`) or an arm for a base type of `Car`, such as `Vehicle`.
```
Minor: List item agreement with intro subject.  Subject 'A switch`.
